Update optimizely-cohort.md (#225)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/destinations/optimizely-cohort.md

2. In the Cohort section, click **Optimizely**.
3. Click **Add another destination**.
4. Enter **Name** and paste in the **Bearer Token** you copied from **Optimizely**.

>     - Note the **User ID** you select must be the same **User ID** you’re targeting with experimentation and/or visitor groups. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The **User ID** you select must be the same **User ID** you target with experimentation and/or visitor groups. 
```
